--------------------------------------------------
    TetherX - Tethering Solution for Stock iOS
--------------------------------------------------

I wrote TetherX as an alternative for my already existing cydia tweak
which natively enables the tethering feature in the Settings App.

Since the tweak only works with a jailbroken device running Subtrate
(or Substitute if using Electra Jailbreak) I had to modify it and
wrap the exploit in an sandboxed app package. All builds will be located in
the "IPA's" folder. I recommend only downloading/installing builds in 
the "StableBuilds" folder. Those located in "TestBuilds" are likely unstable
and will probably require a Developer AppleID to work properly.

Installing:
Just download the .ipa file from the "StableBuilds" under "IPA's" and sideload with
Cydia Impactor. 

Sideloading an app with Cydia Impactor:
1.)Download Cydia Impactor http://www.cydiaimpactor.com/
2.)Open Impactor on your computer and connect your iDevice via usb.
3.)Go to https://appleid.apple.com/ and sign in with your Apple ID
4.)Once signed in, scroll down to "Security," and then click on "Generate Password"
-->These are App-Specific passwords that allow apps to sign in with your AppleID
without exposing your real Apple ID Password.
5.)Enter in a label for the password (can literally be anything) and then click "Create"
6.)The string that is generated is your app-specific password. Copy this password
as its what we will be using in Cydia Impactor to sign in and install the ipa.
7.)Open Cydia Impactor and drag the ipa file into the Impactor window.
8.)You should now be prompted for you Apple ID email, enter it and push OK
9.)Now Impactor will ask you for a password for the AppleID email you just entered. Use
your App-Specific password we generated earlier and then click "OK." (You can also right-click and paste it)
10.)Impactor will now temp-sign the application package. Now just wait for Impactor to finish.
11.)On your iDevice go to Settings->General->Device Managment. You should now have a developer profile
from your AppleID. Open the profile and then click "Trust." The application will remain valid
for 7 days after installing. Once the 7 days are up you'll have to resign/reimpact the application.
(Unless you sign with a AppleDev account).
12.) YOU'RE DONE! Now you can launch the application


Soon I plan on pre-signing all of the app packages so you can just download directly
on your iDevice without needing to use Impactor at all...
Will provide a link when it's ready!
